# UVR_SLIP-OBC
UVR SLIP on-board computer
Considering the various merge issues that we are facing with the autogenerated files from STM32 Cube IDE and the various issues with the .ioc file when working in a team setting, there shall be a new workflow that is going to be implemented henceforth.
General Process
1. There will be an IOC manager who will handle all the .ioc requests.
2. Whenever there is any change to the .ioc you need to provide a proper workflow on how to make that particular change and to which pin.
3. Ping the ioc manager who will be checking this pin with the Necessary Document, and confirming if the pin is the designated pin.
4. Write your code in stm32 cube ide. Once this is done. Wait for confirmation from the ioc manager for the go ahead.
5. Once received, create a pull request by changing committing only files in the include and src folder or any folder you have made code changes in.
The role of ioc manager is to:
1. Update the .ioc file and and push those changes to GitHub.
2. Clone from dev initially. its the only branch where no changes have been made yet.
3. Confirm the pin with the necessary sheet and confirming if the pin is the designated pin. then giving the go ahead.
# IMPORTANT!!!
1. All the branches in the OBC repository will be deleted. Please save you code locally in a secure space and ensure you have documented all the steps that you have undertaken when changing the pins.
2. To ensure that no issues exist please define the pins using macros.
This is the current idea and there shall be more to follow in case there are any issues with this model.
